The typical education level that you can experience in the military, it
really depends on well number one whether you go enlisted or officer.
Starting with the officers because they're easy, in order to be
an officer you automatically have to have a degree. There are some officers
who don't, but ninety-nine percent of them, they start off with
a degree. You can become a lieutenant and even higher, there are
many captains who don't have advanced degrees. However, to get very
high, you are generally expected to get a master's at least. That's
around the O5/O6-ish level because they like to see education. Going
to enlisted people, you don't need any degree for the whole entire
time that you're in. However, education is looked upon highly and if
you do have a degree your chances for promotion to be honest, are
a lot higher. Up to my rate, E7, it's really not looked on as being
a requirement. However, from my rate and above, that's E7 and above,
so that's E7, E8, and E9, they really spur on the education. So education
in any way, if you've taken vocational classes, that's a check
mark. If you have your degree while you're in the military, that's
another big check mark too. So any education at all, whether it's from
a traditional college, whether it's your own personal learning and
you took CLEP (College Level Examination Program) classes or online
classes, anything will set you apart from the others.